Ets
Here
Do not do t 20
Has been is a product that
Ah ah ah ah
Putsu
Instructions
o Ring with Japan
Fire de ring outside the shorts
It is the main body
To here
When
Thought
Black is I Hirogane
Sleep not when
In t 20
cr south is getting
Size is such a thing
It is a Japanese pact
Performance Tsu But
led is cree cree's xpg
It's r 5
Te 50,000 hours Kuna'
I am
In in high mode is 185 lumens
1.8 hours
13 hours with 22 lumens in low mode
Fire fly mode
Well this is firefly firefly mode
It becomes 195 hours with 0.09 lumens
I a single battery
Each is a memory
Good
Each is Chinese
Because the switch is a memory type
Never too good
I remember the mode in front of the air room
Battery Oh cr 123
Or 16340
is not it
And this is 16340
rcr 123 ats you
When
Headlights I use
It is a light but it is the same battery as this
That's about it
Let's put in
Switch on when you tighten
This is the firefly mode
Almost
It seems like it is stuck
This is
It is 195 hours of 0.09 lumens
It is like this
So
You can see the mode by turning it off once quickly
It is low mode
When
13 hours mode with 22 lumens
I can do it next time
Maybe this is the high mode
8 camera aperture is automatic so a little
Though
It is quite bright
Glamor this is
185 lumens
It is 1.8 hours-
this
fest
A lot but
As I remember the yes mode that I erased earlier , I will strip and arrive
Mode change
Ofuon quickly Amit ofuon quickly
Repeat
Fire fly mode on the other hand
You arrive if also in the firefly mode you stick
Low
Yes
Fire fly min
There is such a person
Elephant here-
Lou and without is p 20
I think
i mode
Well then
But there is
It looks very bright with the naked eye
This is